Upgrade documentation according to the new interface look (#7280)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/getting-started/use-cases/configuration-assessment.rst

   :align: center
   :width: 80%
    
In the image below, you see the policy based on the CIS benchmark for Ubuntu Linux 22.04.

.. thumbnail:: /images/getting-started/use-cases/sca/cis-benchmark-ubuntu22-policy.png
   :title: Policy for CIS benchmark for Ubuntu 22.04
   :alt: Policy for CIS benchmark for Ubuntu 22.04
   :align: center

>    :width: 80%

Reviewer: **question**: why this image was removed?

Author: Because currently, the policy overview and results are in the same page.  The following image contains what this used to

   :alt: Policy for CIS benchmark for Ubuntu 22.04 checks
   :align: center
   :width: 80%

You can click on the checks to get more information. In the image below, you can see information such as rationale, remediation, and a description of the check with ID ``3003``.

.. thumbnail:: /images/getting-started/use-cases/sca/check-3003-results.png
   :title: Results for CIS benchmark for Ubuntu 22.04 check ID 3003
   :alt: Results for CIS benchmark for Ubuntu 22.04 check ID 3003
   :align: center
   :width: 80%

The above SCA scan result shows ``failed`` because the public key authentication for ssh is not enabled. If the remediation is implemented, the result will change to ``passed`` thereby improving the security of the endpoint.

Implementing SCA remediation steps
----------------------------------

> In the example in the previous section, implementing the remediation provided by the Wazuh SCA improves the security of the endpoint. This involves changing the ``PublkeyAuthentication`` option value in the ``sshd_config`` file. In the image below, you can see the status of the check ``3000`` have changed to ``passed``.

Reviewer: **nitpick**: typos:
- `PublkeyAuthentication`: `PubkeyAuthentication`
- `3000`: `3003` (check id displayed in the previous section)
- `have`: `has`

```suggestion
In the example in the previous section, implementing the remediation provided by the Wazuh SCA improves the security of the endpoint. This involves changing the ``PubkeyAuthentication`` option value in the ``sshd_config`` file. In the image below, you can see the status of the check ``3003`` has changed to ``passed``.
```

Reviewer 2: Done
